Custom validators module (#22)
lidofinance/ethereum-validators-monitoring: README.md

# ethereum-validators-monitoring (aka balval)

> Consensus layer validators monitoring bot, that fetches Lido or User Node Operator keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consensus layer validators monitoring bot, that fetches Lido or Custom Users Node Operators keys
```

Reviewer: Also add a short note on how to implement custom registry module

Author: > Also add a short note on how to implement custom registry module

https://github.com/lidofinance/ethereum-validators-monitoring/blob/feat/custom-validators/README.md#use-custom-validators-list

## Run via node

1. Install dependencies via `yarn install`
2. Run `yarn build`
3. Tweak `.env` file from `.env.example`
4. Run Clickhouse to use as bot DB
```bash
docker-compose up -d clickhouse
```
5. Change `DB_HOST` value to `http://localhost`
6. Run `yarn start:prod`

## Use custom validators list

By default, monitoring bot fetches validator keys from Lido contract, but you can monitor your own validators:
1. Set `file` value to `VALIDATOR_REGISTRY_SOURCE` env var
2. Create file with keys by example [here](docker/validators/custom_mainnet.yaml)
3. Set `<path to your file>` to `VALIDATOR_REGISTRY_FILE_SOURCE_PATH` env var

> If you want to implement your own source, it must match [RegistrySource interface](src/common/validators-registry/registry-source.interface.ts) and be included in [RegistryModule providers](src/common/validators-registry/registry.module.ts)

Author: It can be a simple parser from off-chain url, for example

> If you want to implement your own source, it must match [RegistrySource interface](src/common/validators-registry/registry-source.interface.ts) and be included in [RegistryModule providers](src/common/validators-registry/registry.module.ts)

Reviewer 2: Got you
